WIP: Documentation for Vault Swaps (#471)
chainflip-io/chainflip-docs: pages/swapping/integrations/advanced/cross-chain-messaging/cross-chain-messaging.mdx

- The destination chain needs to be a Chainflip supported CCM-compatible chain.

> - The swap must be initiated by requesting a deposit address or via a smart contract call specifying the extra specifying the `message` and the `gasBudget` parameters in both cases.

Reviewer: > specifying the extra specifying the `message`

This sounds weird?

- The message should be shorter than 15k bytes.
- The **gas budget** will be paid as egress fees when the call is constructed for broadcast. The Chainflip protocol will automatically swap the minimum amount of the destination asset to pay for the gas fees.
- The **gas budget provided needs to be sufficient to execute the receiver's logic on the destination chain**. The estimation shall be done depending on the destination chain, [EVM](./evm-ccm#gas-budget-estimation) or [Solana](./sol-ccm#compute-budget-estimation).
- The receiver on the destination chain needs to be a smart contract or program with the interface described for the destination chain, either [EVM](../vault-swaps#receive-call-and-asset-on-the-receiver-contract-ccm) or [Solana](./sol-ccm#receive-call-and-asset-on-the-receiver-contract).
- The receiver on the destination chain needs to ensure that the receiving logic won't revert.

Depending on the destination chain there are some extra considerations that need to be taken into account. Check out [EVM considerations](./evm-ccm#considerations) and/or [Solana considerations](./sol-ccm#considerations)

<Callout type="warning">

>   This docs are for post 1.8 release. There has been some breaking changes related to cross-chain messaging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  These docs are for post 1.8 release. There have been some breaking changes related to cross-chain messaging.
```

>   Previously the `gas_budget` had a different interpretation. Also the `ccm_additional_data` was instead named `cf_parameters` and was unused.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Previously the `gas_budget` had a different interpretation. Also the `ccm_additional_data` was named `cf_parameters` and was unused.
```

>   Make sure you know which is the current version of the protocol.

Author: Added a TODO for now
